client/web-sveltekit/README.md, before:

# Sourcegraph SvelteKit

This folder contains the experimental [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/)
implementation of the Sourcegraph app.

**NOTE:** This is a _very early_ prototype and it will change a lot.

## Developing

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install
# Generate GraphQL types
pnpm run -w generate
# Run dev server
pnpm run dev
```

You can also build the OSS or dotcom version by running `pnpm run dev:oss` and
`pnpm run dev:dotcom` respectively, but they don't really differ in
functionality yet.

The dev server can be accessed on http://localhost:5173. API requests and
signin/signout are proxied to an actual Sourcegraph instance,
https://sourcegraph.com by default (can be overwritten via the
`SOURCEGRAPH_API_URL` environment variable.

### Using code from `@sourcegraph/*`

There are some things to consider when using code from other `@sourcegraph`
packages:

- Since we use the [barrel](https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/barrel)
  style of organizing our modules, many (unused) dependencies are imported into
  the app. This isn't really available, and at best will only increase the
  initial loading time. But some modules, especially those that access browser
  specific features during module initialization, can even cause the dev build
  to fail.
- Reusing code is great, but also potentially exposes someone who modifies the
  resused code to this package and therefore Svelte (if the reused code changes
  in an incompatible way, this package needs to be updated too). To limit the
  exposure, a module of any `@sourcegraph/*` package should only be imported
  once into this package and only into a TypeScript file.
  The current convention is to import any modules from `@sourcegraph/common`
  into `src/lib/common.ts`, etc.

### Tests

There are no tests yet. It would be great to try out Playwright but it looks
like this depends on getting the production build working first (see below).

### Formatting and linting

This package defines its own rules for formatting (which includes support for
Svelte components) and linting. The workspace rules linting and formatting
commands have not been updated yet to keep this experiment contained.

Run

```
pnpm run lint
pnpm run format
```

inside this directory.

## Production build

It's not possible yet to create a production build of the application. Some
form of server side rendering is happening during the production build and
that's incompatible with how many of our existing modules are structured or how
certain dependencies are imported.

Commit message:

Fix a couple of issues found with pnpm run check

client/web-sveltekit/README.md, after:

# Sourcegraph SvelteKit

This folder contains the experimental [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/)
implementation of the Sourcegraph app.

**NOTE:** This is a _very early_ prototype and it will change a lot.

## Developing

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install
# Generate GraphQL types
pnpm run -w generate
# Run dev server
pnpm run dev
```

You can also build the OSS or dotcom version by running `pnpm run dev:oss` and
`pnpm run dev:dotcom` respectively, but they don't really differ in
functionality yet.

The dev server can be accessed on http://localhost:5173. API requests and
signin/signout are proxied to an actual Sourcegraph instance,
https://sourcegraph.com by default (can be overwritten via the
`SOURCEGRAPH_API_URL` environment variable.

### Using code from `@sourcegraph/*`

There are some things to consider when using code from other `@sourcegraph`
packages:

- Since we use the [barrel](https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/barrel)
  style of organizing our modules, many (unused) dependencies are imported into
  the app. This isn't really available, and at best will only increase the
  initial loading time. But some modules, especially those that access browser
  specific features during module initialization, can even cause the dev build
  to fail.
- Reusing code is great, but also potentially exposes someone who modifies the
  reused code to this package and therefore Svelte (if the reused code changes
  in an incompatible way, this package needs to be updated too). To limit the
  exposure, a module of any `@sourcegraph/*` package should only be imported
  once into this package and only into a TypeScript file.
  The current convention is to import any modules from `@sourcegraph/common`
  into `src/lib/common.ts`, etc.

### Tests

There are no tests yet. It would be great to try out Playwright but it looks
like this depends on getting the production build working first (see below).

### Formatting and linting

This package defines its own rules for formatting (which includes support for
Svelte components) and linting. The workspace rules linting and formatting
commands have not been updated yet to keep this experiment contained.

Run

```
pnpm run lint
pnpm run format
```

inside this directory.

There is also the `pnpm run check` command which uses `svelte-check` to validate
TypeScript, CSS, etc in Svelte components. This currently produces many errors
because it also validates imported modules from other packages, and we are not
explicitly marking type-only imports with `type` in other parts of the code
base (which is required by this package).

## Production build

It's not possible yet to create a production build of the application. Some
form of server side rendering is happening during the production build and
that's incompatible with how many of our existing modules are structured or how
certain dependencies are imported.
